Our country is facing a very important period of reform.
We are building a new life for the people,
and we are establishing an economic organization
that aims to be a member of the National Power Forum.
I believe that it is the ideal of New Japan to open up the Asian people
and move forward towards the mission of developing and building a new Asia.
In this way, we are responsible for this important period of reform,
and for the sake of the new sun of the future,
we are a young people who should stand up and fight for the first time in their lives.
At the time of the end of the world,
the Red Army of 700 years of the Kouken Seiji,
and the sun of the future,
were the main characters of the Red Army.
Although they were the youngest of the Red Army,
they were still 42 years old.
Koto Okubo was 38 years old,
Kouin Kido was 34 years old,
Taishuke Itagaki was 31 years old,
and Shigenobu Okuma was 30 years old,
and Shunsuke Ito was only 28 years old.
If we were young people today,
we would not have the faith to be the central force of the construction of New Japan.
If we were to forget the nation under the influence of the main office,
and abandon the family of the first god of the end of the world,
and follow the sun of the nation,
we would be in a state of despair.
German iron man Nietzsche said,
In the theory of the system,
the student is said to be the main character of the new generation.
In other words, he has collected old, old-fashioned treasures,
and has a new, strong treasure called this.
The most noble of these new generations
is the time when the construction of this new generation has stopped.